I'm Sonic a little blue ball of super
energy in an extremely handsome package
and in order to save my planet I had to
come to yours wherever what year is it
is the rock president 20 minutes ago an
energy surge knocked out power across
the entire Pacific Northwest who's there
why are you hiding out in my garage the
entire military is after me good morning
my rural chump I'm going to give you
five seconds to tell me where it is oh
my god stop the car right now the
world's largest rubber band ball we
gotta see it no this is not some fun
family road trip Yeah right it was lame
gift shop was cool though you can lay
low here for a while so what are we
gonna do now whoa let me show you how
it's done
so should we get out of here yeah time
to go this one is cute you've got car
insurance right
about to die
you know but thank you for asking how
are you not dead I have no idea
[Music]
would you throw your life away for this
silly little alien he's my friend
good times
power that was an illegal left by the
way and I'm using it to protect
but Brad
so you're supposed to be Tom's best
friend that he won't shut up about well
I don't see the appeal
that is very gross
you